Fix decode() promise wording: clarify one promise per call (#43326)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/imagedecoder/decode/index.md

    - `frameIndex` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An integer representing the index of the frame to decode. Defaults to `0` (the first frame).
    - `completeFramesOnly` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : A {{jsxref("boolean")}} defaulting to `true`. When `false` indicates that for progressive images the decoder may output an image with reduced detail. When `false`, each call to `decode()` returns a new promise that resolves once with the next available level of detail; call `decode()` again to receive further levels as they become available.

Reviewer: Thanks @dataCenter430 

Do you think it worth being more complete? Something like

```suggestion
      - : A {{jsxref("boolean")}} defaulting to `true`.
        When `true`, the `Promise` returned by the method resolves only when the image is fully decoded.
        When `false`, the method will return a new `Promise` that may resolve with a partially decoded image.
        The method can be called repeatedly until `result.complete` is true, with each step providing an image with the next available level of detail.
```
